You know I beat you up for months
If you can't get the money
In three days, that's going to be bankruptcy
You don't help either
Lao Wang, it's not that I won't help you.
Our bank's capital chain is also very tight now.
Wang Hu, you know
Oh oh oh
A nobleman in the city
This king tiger
With the authorization of a mysterious billionaire
Police call at our bank yesterday
If you really need money urgently
I suggest you go to this rich man
He will definitely help you
Where is this rich man?
Even if I kneel down and beg him for the money?
You must ask him to borrow more than half of his wealth.
You say yes, right?
It's still you Lao Guo, thank you
Xiao Yang, this Genting Heaven Palace?
What are we doing here? Buying a house?
Now we have some money
Of course you have to live better
And what do you think of this wine villa?
The second sister of several buildings knows that you are rich now
But you can't swear like that
It's alright, the three of us live together
And when you and your eldest sister get married in the future
Can you buy a few more sets or so?
You choose, second sister, come on